July 14, 2016

To Whom It May Concern:

I am pleased to provide this letter of recommendation for Jan Wozny.
For over 15 years I worked with Jan at Deerfield Dermatology Associates. During  those years Jan was our nurse/esthetician for the practice.  She fulfilled numerous roles in this position, always with cheer and efficiency. She was seeing patients for a variety of conditions and reasons.  The 5 dermatologists would have her assisting in surgeries, administering wound care as well as being in charge of the variety of aesthetic services we offered.  
Jan was our expert in all dermal fillers, Botox, hair removal, etc.
 Her co-workers and patients always spoke highly of her and her skills. Jan’s dedication to her work and her skills was exemplary. 

I would hire Jan in an instant if I was still the office manager and still lived in Illinois.
If you are seeking a team player with excellent people skills, a delightful personality, demonstrated medical abilities, reliability and a wealth of experience I can highly recommend Jan. 

I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.

Robyn Angvall
847-668-7691










OK, here you go. Feel free to change anything...add anything. Obviously you need a part that lists your credentials and licenses.. Add a picture and also add some quotes/testimonials.....
Header:

Jan Wozny has proved more than a decade of exceptional patient care as a Registered Nurse and Licensed Esthetician on the Cosmetic/Dermatology industry in the Chicagoland area.

Hello, my name is Jan Wozny.  I am a Registered Nurse and Licensed Esthetician with over a decade of experience in the Cosmetic / Dermatology industry in the Chicagoland area.  I absolutely love my work, and I would love to work with you.

DD

As a trusted staff member of renowned North Shore dermatologist, Dr. Burton Silver's practice, Jan was responsible for developing and maintaining the Cosmetic Center at Deerfield Dermatology Associates for xx years. As the practice flourished ,Jan was a trusted and reliable resource for patients who experienced difficulties with skin problems including teens and adults with acne, aging skin,  psoriasis and provided solutions to the often asked question, "What can I do to improve my appearance."



As a trusted staff member of renowned North Shore dermatologist, Dr. Burton Silver's practice, I was responsible for developing and maintaining the Cosmetic Center at Deerfield Dermatology Associates for 14 years. As the practice flourished, I was consistently reliable as a resource for patients who experienced skin problems, including teens and adults with acne, aging skin, and psoriasis.  I provided solutions to the often asked question, "What can I do to improve my appearance?"





AMA

Most recently, Jan launched the opening of the Gurnee location of AMA Med Spa. Jan continued to provide her trademark dedicated service to life-long clients, many of whom have been with her for XX years, as well as attracting new clientele.




My time with AMA Med Spa provided an exciting opportunity to be directly responsible for the successful opening and growth of a new location in Gurnee, Illinois.  I continued to provide the advanced dermatological services that my loyal clientele, many of whom have been with me for 10 years, have come to know and expect from me.  The excellent quality of service provided also helped to attract many new clients to the new Gurnee location.










7.16.2016	
I have had the pleasure of knowing Jan Wozny Kahler for many, many years.  When we first met she was working in the dermatology office I went to for treatment of Rosacea.  The Dr in the office recommended that I work with her and I am forever in his debt
Having never been to a nurse practitioner esthetician before, I had no idea what to expect.  Pleasantly surprised would be an understatement.
Jan has treated my Rosacea every year, not only lessening the look of it but making sure that it’s under control.
When I got a little older and started feeling I was looking like it, I consulted with Jan about Botox.  She educated me about Botox, Juvederm, laser genesis and many other tricks of the trade.  Jan believes in making people look refreshed without the over-done look so many have.  
She is an artist with Botox and can give a slight lift to the eyes, get rid of under eye bags and smooth out frown lines as if they were never there.  
I ventured into fillers when my lips were showing signs of aging.  Lipstick would travel in the creases of the lips and never stayed where applied.  The process had always scared me and I wouldn’t have done it without Jan.  I knew she wouldn’t make me overdone and would make my lips look completely natural while expertly filling them.  
As far as lasergenesis I honestly didn’t think it would do anything.  I’m somewhat of a skeptic.  The first treatment honestly I didn’t see results.  Jan told me that after the 2nd I would see a change and she was right.  It’s incredible but my skin has never looked better and I only need to go in a few times a year for special occasions.
I have been following Jan no matter where she has chosen to office and will continue to do so.  Trusting your esthetician is first and foremost.  Knowing she will do what’s best when sometimes the client doesn’t have any idea where to start is key.  She has a glowing personality and we laugh through visits making them go by quickly.  I have told many friends about Jan and even the most hesitant has loved her after they’ve met.  For anyone thinking of turning back the hands of time, Jan is the only person I’d recommend.  
Jan will always make you feel at home with her winning smile and bubbly personality.  Her knowledge is incredible and finesse with product and procedures is commendable.  For anyone who has yet to take the plunge into the “do it for yourself” ideology, you can’t go wrong with Jan.  You’ll look like you, only refreshed.   Trust her and her recommendations.  She won’t steer you in the wrong direction.  
Laura in Mundelein



Having never been to a nurse practitioner esthetician before, I had no idea what to expect.  Pleasantly surprised would be an understatement.

I have been following Jan no matter where she has chosen to office and will continue to do so.



Jan will always make you feel at home with her winning smile and bubbly personality.  Her knowledge is incredible and finesse with product and procedures is commendable.





I have trusted Jan with all my cosmetic needs for many years and have never been disappointed.  She is an amazing person and she always puts her clients' needs first.  I never leave without a big smile knowing that I just look good and that's what I want.  -- Linda R.